Ribbon gls example (#546)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/cfd/velocity_source.rst

Velocity Source
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This subsection allows you to change the reference frame of the calculated velocity in a given system. This is especially useful when it is easier to solve a problem in a Lagrangian reference frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This subsection allows you to defined velocity-dependant source term. At the moment, this used to solve a problems in a Lagrangian reference frame for which the Coriolis and centrifugal forces must be added.
```
